Stand up, leave the room, close the door behind you. How many doors do you see in front of you?
Go through the alphabet in reverse. How many mistakes did you make?
Look around your room for a book. Which was the last book you read? When was it?
Get up and stretch your arms above your head. Try to be as tall as possible. Which item of furniture in your room matches your height while stretching?
Stand up and go to the kitchen. Count the mugs in your cupboard. How many mugs did you count?
Go through your apartment and look for your favorite item. Why is it your favorite item?
Go outside and take a photo of something red or with dots. What item did you take a picture of?
Stand up and keep moving for one minute. Do not look at your smartphone. How many steps did you make?
Close your eyes and think of your last vacation for a minute. What do you see? How do you feel?
Walk around and ask the second person you see, what they are working on?
Try to balance on your right leg for as long as possible. How long did you manage?
Get up, stretch yourself, open a window and take a deep breath. What does the air smell like?
Get as far away as you can from your computer. Estimate the distance in metres.
Get yourself something to drink, e.g. water or tea, and drink a few sips with your eyes closed. What does the liquid feel like?
Search for the most colorful item in your room. How many colors are there?
Go into every room in your apartment and name the objects you recognise first.
Stand up and look how far you can rotate to the left and then to the right, while your feet are stable. In which direction can you rotate more?
Dance to your favourite playlist for 3 minutes straight. Which song did you dance to?
Stand up and go to the next room and pick three items that need to be cleaned up. Which items did you pick?
Look outside your window for an animal. What animal do you see?
Do 10 stretching exercises. Which parts of your body did you use first and which last?
Go outside and look at the sky. What did the form of the cloud remind you of?
Go to the other side of the room. How many steps did it take?
Get up and touch something blue. Do you feel blue too?
Open the window and identify three different sounds outside. What sounds did you hear?
Try to hold a plank for as long as possible. How many seconds did you get?
Sit back, take a sip of water, close your eyes and imagine something, you are grateful for. What is it?
Look around in your room and find 3 things that have the colour green. What things did you see?
Think about your last big success. What did you enjoy most?
Call a friend of yours for a little chat. What is the third sentence they have said?
Find three things in the space around you that bring you joy. Which things did you find and why?
Open the window and take a look outside. Name 5 things you can see, 4 things you can hear, 3 things you can physically feel, 2 things you can smell, and 1 thing that you can be grateful for today.
Grab a book and read for 5 minutes. How many pages did you read?
Name three things around you, that have the color of your shirt.
Close your eyes and think about the following question: What would you long for right now?
Get up, close your eyes and imagine being in your favourite spot in nature. What do you hear, see, sense? Breathe deeply.
In the meeting, did you wonder, how one specific person was doing? If appropriate, write them a short message asking how they are.
Grab any book that you can find and read page 10, what is the last word of the page?
Look around in your room and try to find 3 objects that form a rectangular triangle. What objects did you find?
Go to your fridge, open it and look at the top shelf. What do you see first?
Go to your kitchen and count your cutlery. How many spoons did you find?
Go outside and check if there is any item in your mailbox. How many items are there?
Find a piece of paper and a pencil and draw a small picture of an animal. What animal did you draw?
Think about what your favorite fruit is. Which dish with this fruit do you like to eat the most?
Find a CD, and turn on the first song of that CD. What memories did this song bring back?
Mentally go to a place where you would like to spend your vacation. Think about a text for a postcard. What is on the front of the postcard?
Remember the last situation that you laughed really loud. What was that situation?
Imagine you can invent a new fantasy animal. What would it look like and what sounds does it make?
Go and find your pet. Engage with him. If you don't have a pet, find a stuffed animal and cuddle it. What kind of thing did you engage with?
Draw a picture of a fruit-man. Which fruit did you choose and what was his special feature?
Bottle flip challenge. Fill a bottle ⅓ with water, close the bottle and try to throw it on the table so that it stops. How many attempts did it take you?
Throw an eraser (or similar) up in the air and catch it. How many times can you do it without it falling down?
Think of a computer game that you enjoyed playing. Try to remember as many characters as possible. How many names do you remember and what game did you have in mind?
Stand up and go to the closest window. Look into the distance for the thing that is farthest away from you. What do you see?